=Generation to Generation=
=Episode 34=
Zhao.
Zhao?
You've slept for days.
If I hadn't come,
you would be dead.
That man in black is strong.
How did you escape?
I have my ways.
Here.
Take medicine.
Smiley.
Not as good as yours.
Just make do.
Zhao,
the man in black
feels like someone I know.
Lord Qi.
No.
It can't be Master.
It's Li Wenxun.
Where are the others?
The Abbess brought
the surviving disciples
to a safe place.
Song Yuzhi and Fan Xingjia
returned to Qingque Town.
They took the Jade Sunflower.
They also used Xingjia
to take the Night Orchid.
Now,
with both the treasures,
he will cultivate.
If he masters the Ziwei Method,
he will be the next Nie Hengcheng.
No.
We can't let
the tragedy repeat.
Are you going to risk your life
like your aunt?
That's my choice.
If I don't die,
I'll repay
today's life-saving favor.
Let me go.
What's wrong?
I've stayed up several nights
for an ingrate.
I'm a little tired.
Zhao,
there won't be another Nie Hengcheng.
He won't be able to master
the Ziwei Method.
Mu Zhengyang is buried here.
You found the body?
When reorganizing Bliss Palace,
we found a corpse in a stone cave
near the underground palace.
The fatal wound runs
from the left shoulder to the right rib.
The sternum is broken.
It's a blade wound.
The Sunshine Blade.
Ms. Cai must have chased him
all the way near Bliss Palace,
cornered Mu Zhengyang,
and killed him on the spot.
As for why Nie Hengcheng
failed to master the Ziwei Method,
the answer lies within.
(Zhengyang)
Mu Zhengyang's handbook?
(Nie is treacherous.)
(After torturing me
with a branding iron,)
(he still wanted to kill me.)
(Jiuzhou Archive)
(My brother hid me)
(in the Jiuzhou Archive.)
(I got bored)
(and read all the books.)
(Unexpectedly, I found
the ancient Ziwei Method.)
(It's said)
(that the Founder's son wanted
to practice this,)
(but he was forbidden.)
(This method requires the life force)
(of a close relative.)
(Otherwise, one goes mad)
(and dies.)
(To avenge past shame,)
(I lured Nie Hengcheng)
(to practice the Ziwei Method.)
(But the necessary saliva)
(and the Night Orchid)
(are connected
to the Luoying demoness.)
(So,)
(I deliberately approached Pingshu.)
(Later,)
(Pingshu's friends, the Shi brothers,)
(were poisoned by the Nether Aura.)
(They urgently needed
the Jade Sunflower.)
(I told her my identity)
(and stole it for her)
(to gain her trust.)
You'll kill Nie Hengcheng?
As long as I get the saliva,
I can increase my power,
kill Nie Hengcheng,
and reclaim the Li Sect.
At that time,
the Six Sects and Li Sect
will lay down arms
and restore peace
to Jianghu.
The saliva is
in the snow mountains.
ظآزIn days gone byظآز
ظآزWillows swayed gentlyظآز
ظآزI first saw you in the dimnessظآز
ظآزAmid the vast crowdظآز
ظآزA fleeting glanceظآز
ظآزAnd thenظآز
ظآزLove consumed meظآز
ظآزNow I think of youظآز
ظآزSnow and rain fall thicklyظآز
ظآزAlas, we partedظآز
ظآزLonging for your returnظآز
ظآزMoon waxes and wanesظآز
ظآزLetters can't convey my thoughtsظآز
ظآزScattered petalsظآز
ظآزCover the groundظآز
ظآزSuch should be our meetingظآز
Irises will bring you luck.
ظآزHalf shy, half joyfulظآز
ظآزWanting to leave yet lingeringظآز
ظآزSuch should be our meetingظآز
ظآزAcross the Magpie Bridgeظآز
It's the irises.
They'll bring you luck.
ظآزTears are like pearlsظآز
ظآزThings stay, yet you're awayظآز
ظآزWho will hear the broken stringsظآز
ظآزAcross the starry skiesظآز
ظآزI see your shadow thereظآز
ظآزSuch should be our meetingظآز
ظآزGolden wind brushes the jade dewظآز
ظآزHalf shy, half joyfulظآز
ظآزWanting to leave yet lingeringظآز
(Later,)
(I roamed Jianghu with her.)
(She accompanied me)
(to find the Night Orchid.)
(I enjoyed)
(my comfortable time with her.)
ظآزSuch should be our meetingظآز
ظآزAcross the Magpie Bridgeظآز
Master Zhengyang,
feelings should be expressed.
(If not for the unresolved feud,)
(I'd want to be with her forever.)
(As expected,)
(Nie Hengcheng lost control)
(after reaching the third level)
(of the Ziwei Method,)
(harming martial artists.)
(Yin Dai of Qingque Sect
led a battle against him.)
(I intended to benefit from it.)
(Unexpectedly,)
(Pingshu, a junior,)
(together with several friends)
(improved the Big Dipper Formation,)
(planning to use it to kill Nie.)
Must you go to kill him now?
Nie's crimes are unforgivable.
Even if it costs my life,
he must be eliminated.
Since you've decided,
I'll accompany you.
But before that,
let's get married.
Okay.
(We made marriage vows)
(and bound our love.)
(I also learned the whereabouts
of Pingshu's friends)
(and planned an ambush for them.)
He intended to kill Nie Hengcheng,
so why harm my aunt's friends?
For power.
For sole rule over the world.
At that time,
Nie Hengcheng was going mad.
He was near death.
My father wouldn't contest.
He only needed
to eliminate Nie's remnants
to become the Chief.
Mu Zhengyang feared no one like Yin Dai,
but he feared your aunt
and her friends.
They were top-tier martial artists.
If they formed
a seven-person sword array,
how could he resist?
So, he killed them early.
But he never expected
Lu Chengnan to betray the sect.
After being gravely injured,
Lu Chengnan escaped to Chang Fort
and revealed the Ziwei Method
and Nie Hengcheng's secrets to my aunt.
Mu Zhengyang lost everything.
Indeed.
My aunt must have been heartbroken
upon learning the truth.
ظآزLifeظآز
ظآزPasses swiftlyظآز
ظآزTime is longظآز
ظآزPleasures are fewظآز
ظآزToo many days lostظآز
ظآزHow many loversظآز
ظآزOnce stood side by side
through hardshipsظآز
ظآزIn the endظآز
ظآزThey forget each otherظآز
ظآزFateظآز
ظآزPasses swiftlyظآز
ظآزLiquor is strongظآز
ظآزChests are warmظآز
ظآزLoyalty turns coldظآز
ظآزMany affections are hard to severظآز
ظآزLeaving only meظآز
(I don't regret what I did.)
(I only feel indebted)
(to Zhengming and Pingshu.)
(In fact, Nie Hengcheng)
(didn't know that mastery)
(requires a relative's life force,)
(so he'd die within three years.)
(But Pingshu's temperament)
(won't allow her to wait.)
(Perhaps one day,)
(I can apologize to her
in the underworld.)
A relative's life force?
The Ziwei Method,
dragon beast saliva,
the Night Orchid,
and the Jade Sunflower
are all indispensable.
The final step requires
the Jade Sunflower
to absorb bloodline energy.
Without it, one goes mad and dies.
This is why the Founder
forbade the Ziwei Method
from spreading,
and the secret
Mu Zhengyang discovered.
Zhao,
my father was once injured
by Mu Zhengyang
because he tried to seize me
as an infant.
I never understood
why he'd do this
until I found his handbook.
I was the one
he had been targeting as close kin.
If the man in black
doesn't know the final step,
he'll go mad and die
like Nie Hengcheng.
Yes.
What we need now
is to wait.
Wait?
Wait for him to go on a killing spree
like Nie Hengcheng?
Do you know why
my aunt,
knowing Nie Hengcheng would die,
still went to Mount Tu to kill him?
Zhao.
Aunt once said,
"There are two kinds of evil people."
"One is the one"
"who commits evil."
"The other is the one"
"who stands by and watches."
I may not be a great heroine
like my aunt,
but I can't stand aside.
Turning a blind eye for a moment
will only bring a lifetime of unrest.
This deal can't be done.
Zhao,
he's reached the third level.
You can't beat him.
So what?
Chivalry requires
attempting the impossible,
right?
Mu Qingyan,
don't stop me.
I don't want us to end up
like Mu Zhengyang and my aunt.
Aunt,
was the Founder really a disciple
of an immortal?
That was centuries ago.
I don't know if it's true.
But as disciples of the Beichen lineage,
we have to give the Founder some honor.
Do you want it to be true or false?
I hope it's false.
Why?
All the other immortals flew to heaven,
leaving only the Founder
in the mortal world.
He must've been pitiful.
You're too kindhearted
to roam Jianghu in the future.
Young Master!
Young Master.
Young Master,
this kind of medicine
is just a desperate, harmful cure.
You can't take it.
It's fine.
I don't have much time anyway.
I could've thought of other ways,
but you insist...
Alright, Uncle Cheng.
I won't die
without seeing the end.
Young Master.
Zhuang?
Today, you'll come with me.
Okay.
Zhao.
- Xingjia.
- Zhao.
Xingjia, sit.
How's your leg?
I'm fine, Zhao.
It's great to see you back safely.
Where is Abbess Jingyuan? How is she?
She's badly injured
but not in mortal danger.
She's been taken care of to recover.
We've sent messages to all sects.
Lord Cai and the others
should arrive soon.
Zhao,
the people who attacked us
- at Xuankong Nunnery...
- Uncle Li, right?
Zhao,
the man in black really was Uncle Li?
He said he had a headache,
so I gave him the remaining essence
to treat it.
I didn't know.
I really didn't know.
I suspect
Master has been deceived by Uncle Li.
Now, Qingque Town is full
of Siqi and Guangtian members.
Yang Heying and Song Xiuzhi
have climbed the mountain,
blaming everything on Mu Qingyan,
and claiming the demonic sect
is about to attack.
Qingque Sect
is now on high alert.
These thugs
always twist the truth.
Zhao,
with the situation so tense,
should we ask Mr. Mu for help?
We should solve the problem
of the Six Sects ourselves.
Yuzhi,
we'll climb the mountain
to find Master tonight.
The iron chain mechanism
is usually guarded by trusted disciples.
How could it be left to outsiders?
It seems Fengchi
and Zhuo
have been controlled by Uncle Li.
(Pillar of Jianghu)
What demonic sect?
Yang Heying made the corpse slaves.
You...
You've been deceived too?
(Righteous Spirit)
You...
Why are you doing this?
- Master!
Zhao,
Yuzhi,
why are you here?
I've been worried about you.
Master,
what are you doing?
Why?
I'm only doing this
to avenge Pingshu.
For my aunt?
I won't spare anyone
who wronged your aunt.
If he hadn't treated Pingshu badly,
she wouldn't have left Peiqiong Manor
and wouldn't have encountered
Mu Zhengyang's schemes.
You did this for that?
But Qi,
I didn't cancel
the betrothal.
I had feelings
for Pingshu.
I know
you marrying someone else
was Pingshu's idea.
I didn't blame you then.
But later, I realized
you hurt Pingshu's heart,
so she canceled the betrothal.
Zhao, tell me.
Should such a person
be killed?
You really are the man in black.
But what did Uncle Chang do wrong?
Why slaughter his whole clan?
Because he tried to stop me
from avenging your aunt.
Why leave him alive?
When you joined forces
to protect Luoying Valley,
you'd risk your lives for each other.
So, you also injured my father,
staged the Guangtian strife,
and killed the nuns
at Xuankong Nunnery.
Master, why did you do this?
Is it all for the Night Orchid
and the Jade Sunflower?
For practicing the Ziwei Method?
I'm doing this
to fulfill Pingshu's last wish.
Pingshu always wanted
a Jianghu filled
with chivalry and justice,
where anyone could stand up.
Once I master the Ziwei Method,
I'll kill all the hypocrites
who harmed Pingshu,
then hand over a clean Jianghu
to you,
okay?
That's not what Aunt wanted.
She died to kill Nie Hengcheng.
She wouldn't want to see you
become the second Nie Hengcheng.
I won't become the second Nie Hengcheng.
Nie Hengcheng didn't know
the final step of the Ziwei Method,
but I did.
You...
You knew?
Are you going to do this to Lingbo?
Zhao...
You killed Pingshu's best friends,
yet you claim it's to avenge her?
You're putting Pingshu on the fire.
Even if it costs my life,
I'll stop you from using Pingshu's name
to commit these cruel deeds.
Best friends?
Chang Haosheng,
Song Shijun,
and Abbess Jingyuan.
Pingshu treated them as friends,
risked her life for them,
yet what did they do?
After she died,
they hid comfortably
and never sought revenge.
You hypocrites
all deserve to die.
You're insane!
Master, no!
Zhao, go!
No one leaves.
Go!
Uncle Zhou!
Song Yuzhi!
Song Yuzhi, open the door!
Lingbo!
Nanny Mao?
Yes.
Go see what's happening.
It's...
It's the demonic sect's alarm bell.
Someone!
Let us out!
They drugged us heavily
to trap us.
Save your energy.
Who?
Why trap us here?
I fear it's more
than just the demonic sect.
Isn't it fun?
Greetings, Master.
(Righteous Spirit)
Zhao is my personal disciple
from Luoying Valley.
Today, she officially joins us,
ranking seventh.
Congrats, Master. Congrats, Zhao.
Everyone, please guide me.
Zhao is my disciple.
I can vouch for her.
Until the truth is uncovered,
no one
may speak ill of Zhao.
In life,
there are times beyond one's control.
Only by becoming strong
can one be free.
Aunt,
what should I do?
Search!
- Yes.
Where is she?
Cai Zhao hid in the secret realm.
By the time we pursued her,
she was gone.
Yunke,
this can't be hidden any longer.
The sooner we act,
the better.
Understood.
Lady Yin.
You arrived just in time.
Why did the alarm bell sound
for no reason?
The demonic sect attacked
and killed Lord Zhou.
How could this happen?
What about your master?
He's safe.
The invaders were repelled,
but some
may still be in the mountains.
Master instructed me to tell you
to stay here
and not go wandering.
Understood.
Where's Lingbo?
She went to see Fengchi today.
She's upset that he left to do his job
without saying goodbye,
staying inside sulking.
Lady Yin,
the two factions
may face a great battle.
You should take Lingbo
and stay at the Yin estate for a while.
Once things stabilize,
I'll bring you back.
I'm still the Lady.
In danger,
how could I abandon
your master and you?
Rest assured.
I'll be careful
and won't slow you down.
Yes,
Lady Yin.
Lingbo!
Make way.
I'm going out!
How dare you hit me?
Someone, help!
Help!
They hit me!
Lingbo, what's wrong?
Dalou!
He hit me.
And they.
They hit me!
I'll tell Father!
I'll make Father stand up for me!
Lingbo,
Master is dealing with the demonic sect
and can't leave.
Everyone must help.
Stop causing trouble.
No!
I want to see my father!
Lingbo.
Tell me.
Why sneak in?
You made me fight them on purpose.
Luckily, my acting is convincing.
Lingbo,
I have to take you away.
Are you crazy?
Why should I leave my home
with a demoness like you?
Zhao,
do you know something?
(Discipline Hall)
Yuzhi,
are you alright?
Master,
Zhao will stop you.
Why?
Tell me.
Don't you want
a clean Jianghu?
A Jianghu won through killing
can't be clean.
This Jianghu
is already rotten.
Pingshu said
that for over 200 years,
the Six Sects
had grown stagnant,
stuck in old ways.
Many ambitious youths,
born into low status,
couldn't rise
and were suppressed.
Shouldn't this Jianghu
change?
You mean
by killing them all?
Yes.
Break to build.
From ruin to renewal.
Taichu Temple is gone;
Siqi Sect is nearly destroyed.
Chaos at Peiqiong Manor is imminent.
Guangtian Sect can't be left behind.
Luoying Valley
has always lived in seclusion.
I'll leave Qingque Sect.
Then,
the Six Sects combined
will be handed to you and Zhao.
Agreed?
You've done so many evil deeds.
How will Jianghu see our sect?
Easy.
Once I clear
all obstacles,
take my head
to honor the dead,
and use my blood
to cleanse the sect's shame.
Let me
be infamous forever.
Only then
will Jianghu submit to you.
No.
We don't want this Jianghu.
I only want my old master.
Master, do you remember?
When I joined, you warned me
not to fear the strong,
not to bully the weak,
not to kill recklessly,
and not to act arrogantly.
My master
would never kill my father,
nor Mr. Chang or Lord Zhou.
It's not too late.
Please stop, Master.
Stop, Master.
Yuzhi,
you haven't failed
all these years of my guidance.
You haven't disappointed me.
I'm at ease.
Master...
I beg you to stop, Master.
Master!
=Generation to Generation=
ظآزThe breeze is gentle,
and spring is fairظآز
ظآزI roam the rivers and hills
in the martial worldظآز
ظآزWith a shining cup,
I drink with delight tonightظآز
ظآزFree to wander in the worldظآز
ظآزI drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreamsظآز
ظآزI rest beneath the stars' soft gleamظآز
ظآزThe night is calm, still as a streamظآز
ظآزIt washes away all judgment and schemeظآز
ظآزI drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreamsظآز
ظآزI hold the bright moon
as I return homeظآز
ظآزI freely roam in the worldظآز
ظآزAll I ask is that you go with meظآز
ظآزI drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreamsظآز
ظآزI hold the bright moon
as I return homeظآز
ظآزI freely roam in the worldظآز
ظآزAll I ask is that you go with meظآز